Do you want to see this little blind man die?
Ahhhhh
Ah Kun, calm down
What is your appeal, you can say it.
Don't hurt my daughter
Oh, I can't think of it.
The eldest sister will give in to me one day
It was so much fun.
Hehehe wants me to let him go
Sure
You gotta give me the hearts, wishful thinking.
I actually want to be a red star to support me
Big sister, the red star must not fall into Ah Kun's hands
Otherwise Red Star is doomed
eldest sister
It seems that you don't care much about this daughter either?
Ah, me too.
After all, I've even done abandoned children
How could you possibly care about this little one?
What about the life of the blind?
Ahahaha
Ren Kun, stop sowing discord here
Red Star was in trouble back then
If it weren't for the big sister turning the tide
The red star is long gone
You actually betrayed the eldest sister now
Are you still human?
You are amazing
You are noble
With your loyalty
Ah Kun is a villain, okay?
Ah Kun
If Yaoyao is missing a hair today
The first to tear you to pieces
I'm so scared
Milan
You don't have time to think
Decide quickly
Do you want this old woman and the little blind man?
Or a red star?